well let's be able to flash the tea now
wrt for the terminal
the s3 neo we need odin the file
that will be in the description of
tutorial that is the wrc as they see it there
wp we put the terminal in download mode
which would be the button power button
center and button down volume to down
to be able to enter in download mode
having the phone turned off start in
that way
now we give
start press start and start
do the procedure
well there as you see it just in blue
indicates that you have passed step now
we hope that the terminal starts to
able to see
start in tw erp will start normally
now it will light and then we will enter
recovery mode
ok now we are in recovery as
We made to enter recovery as
how do we press volume power
volume up and volume center the
phone must be turned off to be able
Start in recovery mode in this way
we would have to choose here
there wife
here we make white
advanced we give here we choose the alvin
internments data cache cache system not
in fil system
here all this is what we need
make Uruguay to install a
rice well now what we will do will be
subtract
and we will give
move off
we slip here to pay for the finished
as we are not going to do any such step
it's just the installation tutorial
of the recovery and if they want they go back to
turn on your terminal
you will see it going on normally
well this has been the tutorial to be able
install the twv rp in our terminal
s3 and 9.301 and well I hope that it serves them
the tutorial to be able to root your
terminal now
this has been all and see you in another
tutorial this is android flash